Concept to Clinic Official Rules
================================

Guidelines
----------

### One account per participant

All Participants must create or maintain an Account at GitHub.com,
execute a Contributor License Agreement, and follow all other processes
as set forth on the Competition Website prior to participation.
Participants may not log in and contribute to the Competition Repo from
multiple Accounts.

### Public dissemination of Contributions

All Contributions are made under the terms of an open source software
license pursuant to the Contributor License Agreement, and DrivenData
and the public generally have the right to publicly disseminate any
Contributions or models in accord with that license.

### Judging Contributions

Contributions will be judged and points will be awarded by a Technical
Panel. Prizes will be awarded and distributed on a schedule as set forth
on the Competition Website in the discretion of the Technical Panel. The
Technical Panel or DrivenData may make interim awards when deemed
appropriate.

### External data

External data – for example, DICOM imagery or pre-trained models – is
not allowed unless it is made available to the public under an open
source license compatible with the open source license selected for this
project and freely available to all contributors without the need to
execute any data usage agreements or other authorizations.

### SUBMISSIONS FROM MULTIPLE COMPETITORS

By submitting a Pull Request, you certify that you are the sole author
of those changes for the purpose of awarding points, unless other
committers are specifically listed in the commit history or in the
comment field that you fill in when opening the Pull Request. If there
are multiple Participants listed in a Pull Request, the default method
for dividing credit will be to split any points in equal shares to
included Participants, unless all listed Participants agree to a
different breakdown and manifest this agreement by each individual
communicating their assent to the specified division of points in
writing to DrivenData immediately upon submitting the Pull Request
either by e-mail or comments on the Pull Request itself.

FULL RULES
----------

These are the complete, official rules for the Competition (the
"**Competition Rules**") and incorporate by reference the contents of
the Competition Website as defined below.

The Competition will consist of developing and submitting Contributions
(each such submission, a "**Pull Request**") to an open source software
project (the "**Project**") the goal of which is to use machine learning
to develop a real-word software tool to aid clinicians in catching lung
cancer early enough to manage its impact on patients and save lives. For
the purposes of this Competition, "**Contribution**" means any and all
submissions to the Competition through the Competition Website (as
defined below) or otherwise, whether in the form of code, comments, or
other work product. DrivenData will produce a "**Design Document**,"
which describes the goals of the Project, the anticipated Project
structure, and necessary features of the Project.

By submitting a Pull Request or other Contribution or executing the
Contributor License Agreement ("**CLA**") in this Competition, you are
agreeing to be bound by these Competition Rules which constitute a
binding agreement between you and DrivenData and, if applicable, any
rules and restrictions that may be imposed by the Competition Sponsor.

The Competition is hosted by DrivenData, Inc ("**DrivenData**). The
Competition will run according to the dates listed on the Competition
Website (the "**Competition Period**").

Each registered individual is referred to as a **Participant**. You may
only compete using a single, unique account registered on GitHub
(<https://www.github.com>), the online code collaboration platform used
to host the Project’s version control repositories (the "**Competition
Repos**"). Competing using more than one account per individual is a
breach of these Competition Rules and DrivenData and the Competition
Sponsor reserve the right to disqualify any Participant who is found to
breach these Competition Rules.

### Eligibility

The Competition is open to all natural persons over the age of 18 at the
time of entry. Legal entities and organizations are not eligible for
entry. There is no purchase or donation necessary to enter the
Competition.

Officers, directors, employees and advisory board members (and their
immediate families and members of the same household) of the Competition
Sponsor, DrivenData, members of the Technical Panel (as defined below)
and their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, contractors, agents,
judges and advertising and promotion agencies are not eligible to
participate in the Competition.

You are not eligible to receive any Prize in the Competition if you are
a resident of a country designated by the United States Treasury’s
Office of Foreign Assets Control.

### Registration

If you meet the eligibility requirements and would like to participate,
then you must first complete the CLA signing process
at <https://concepttoclinic.drivendata.org/> (the "**Competition
Website**") and register an account on GitHub such that you can submit
pull requests to the Competition Repos within the Competition Period.
All Contributions must be received during the Competition Period in
order to be eligible for any consideration. All of the registration
information that you provide is collectively referred to as your
"Account".

You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for abiding by
your employer's policies regarding participation in the Competition.
DrivenData and Sponsor disclaim any and all liability or responsibility
for disputes arising between an employee and employer related to this
Competition.

Once you have completed the registration process, you will be provided
with access to the Data, if any, that you use to develop your
Contributions.

BY ENTERING THE COMPETITION YOU ACCEPT THE CONDITIONS STATED IN THESE
OFFICIAL RULES INCLUDING THE RULES ON THE COMPETITION WEBSITE AND THE
CLA, AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE DECISIONS OF THE JUDGES, SPONSOR AND
DRIVENDATA AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN THE
COMPETITION. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT ALL OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES, THEN
PLEASE DO NOT CONTRIBUTE TO THE COMPETITION. WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU PRINT
OUT A COPY OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES FOR YOUR FUTURE REFERENCE.

### CONTRIBUTIONS

Each Contribution must be submitted in the form of a Pull Request opened
on the official Competition Repo (see
https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/). All
Contributions must be received during the Competition Period. By
submitting a Pull Request, you certify that you are the author of those
changes for the purpose of awarding points, unless other committers are
specifically listed in the commit history or in the comment field on the
Pull Request at the time it is opened.

All Contributions will be reviewed for quantitative and qualitative
suitability prior to inclusion in the Project. You acknowledge and agree
that such judgments are necessarily subjective in nature, and that
Contributions will be accepted and Pull Requests merged in the sole
discretion of DrivenData and its agents. DrivenData and its agents may
modify any Contributions as necessary or advisable, in their sole
discretion, to conform to code and testing standards, make those
Contributions compatible with other features of the Project, or
otherwise allow for its inclusion in the Project.

All Contributions will also be reviewed to confirm that the Participant
has executed the CLA, and reviewed for compatibility of open sources
licenses associated with any Contribution or associated dependency. All
Contributions that fail either review, in DrivenData’s sole discretion,
will be automatically rejected.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, all Contributions are subject
to acceptance into the Project in DrivenData’s sole discretion, and
DrivenData may accept or reject any Contribution for any reason or no
reason. Contributions will not necessarily be reviewed in the order they
are submitted, but will instead be reviewed during the Competition
Period in order of priority, as determined in DrivenData’s sole
discretion, and there is no guarantee that any particular Contribution
will be reviewed during the Competition Period.

USER CONTRIBUTIONS MUST IN THEIR ENTIRETY COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE
FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND INTERNATIONAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS. WITHOUT
LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IN ORDER TO BE ELIGIBLE, YOU WARRANT THAT YOUR
CONTRIBUTION FOR THIS COMPETITION:

-   Does not include or anticipate the inclusion of any content that is
    in violation of or infringes third party intellectual property
    rights including, but not limited to copyrights, including music
    copyrights, patents, trade secrets, trademarks, rights of publicity
    or privacy, or incompatible open source licenses.

-   Is free and clear of all liens, claims, encumbrances or demands of
    any third parties.

-   Does not include or anticipate the inclusion of any unsuitable or
    offensive content, including nudity, sexually explicit, disparaging,
    libelous or other inappropriate content.

-   Is suitable for a general audience.

-   Does not contain any claims that are not and cannot be substantiated
    or that would be false and/or misleading to a reasonable consumer.

-   Does not violate the project’s Code of Conduct at
    <http://concepttoclinic.drivendata.org/code-of-conduct/>.

### JUDGING CONTRIBUTIONS – AWARDING OF POINTS

This Competition is a challenge of skill and the final results are
determined by evaluating a combination of quantitative and qualitative
factors, as more fully described on the Competition Website. As a
general matter, each Contribution will be eligible for an award of
points (the "**Points**") as recommended by DrivenData and its agents
and reviewed and approved by a panel of technical experts (the
"**Technical Panel**"). Points may be awarded for Contributions that
solve a specific technical issue or implement a particular feature (each
an "**Issue**") called out in the Design Document or otherwise set forth
on the Competition Website ("**Issue Points**"). The number of Points to
be awarded for resolution of any Issue will be set forth on the
Competition Website, and partial Points or Points divided amongst
several contributors may be awarded in the discretion of DrivenData and
the Technical Panel.

Points may also be awarded on an entirely discretionary basis for
Contributions that do not resolve a pre-determined Issue but are
nevertheless meaningful to the Project ("**Discretionary Points**").
Where small amounts of Discretionary Points are being awarded for a
particular Contribution, as specified on the Competition Website,
DrivenData or its agents may make that award entirely in its own
discretion. Where larger amounts of Discretionary Points are being
awarded for a particular Contribution, those points will be awarded as
recommended by DrivenData and its agents and reviewed and approved by
the Technical Panel. The value and timing of Discretionary Points will
be entirely within the discretion of DrivenData and the Technical Panel.

Points awarded will be tracked and displayed on the Competition Website
once approved. At the end of the challenge or at specified intervals
during the challenge, Points will be tallied and monetary prizes will be
awarded, as more fully described on the Competition Website. Available
monetary prizes will be as set forth on the Competition Website.
DrivenData may also award such non-monetary prizes as it determines in
its sole discretion are suitable for the purpose of recognizing small,
innovative, unexpected, or otherwise deserving Contributions. All
monetary and non-monetary awards hereunder are referred to as
"**Prizes**."

Any Prize awards are subject to verification of eligibility and
compliance with these Competition Rules. All decisions of DrivenData,
the Competition Sponsor and/or the Technical Panel will be final and
binding on all matters relating to this Competition. DrivenData reserves
the right (1) to examine the Contribution and any associated code or
documentation for compliance with these Competition Rules, and (2) to
request supporting documentation from Contributors regarding their
Accounts and Contributions for determining compliance with these
Competition Rules. In the event that the Contribution demonstrates a
breach of these Competition Rules, Competition Sponsor or DrivenData may
at its discretion take either of the following actions:

-   **disqualify your Contribution(s)**; or

-   require that you remediate within one week all issues identified in
    your Contribution(s) (including, without limitation, the resolution
    of license conflicts, the fulfillment of all obligations required by
    software licenses, and the removal of any software that violates the
    software restrictions).

You may decline to receive any Prize by notifying DrivenData directly
within one week following the Prize notification, in which case you
forego any Prize or other features associated with an awarded
Contribution.

### Prizes and conditions

If you are awarded a Prize, you will be notified and announced within 30
days of the award on the Competition Website. You will receive monetary
prizes as a check or wire transfer from DrivenData, and non-monetary
prizes will be mailed. You agree to provide such information as is
necessary for the transmission of all Prizes.

If there are multiple Participants listed in a Pull Request (either in
the commit history or comments), the default will be to split points in
equal shares to included Participants, unless all listed Participants
agree to a different breakdown and communicate that breakdown in writing
to DrivenData by email or in comments to the Pull Request immediately
upon submission.

The Prize may be awarded to an alternate winner if required
documentation is not returned within thirty (30) days after mailing to
you, if the Prize notification letter/email or Prize is returned as
undeliverable, or if you do not respond to an email or other
communication from DrivenData within ten (10) days of the date sent.
Allow thirty (30) days for Prize delivery. By accepting any Prize, you
agree to allow DrivenData and/or the Competition Sponsor to disclose
your first name, first initial of last name, and city of residence, as
well as Prize information to the extent required by law, and if so
required by law, you agree to the disclosure of additional personal
information, all without additional compensation.

DrivenData is responsible only for Prize delivery and is not responsible
for Prize utility or otherwise. No substitution or transfer of Prizes is
permitted. All taxes, fees and expenses associated with participation in
the Competition or receipt and use of a Prize are your sole
responsibility.

### PARTICIPANT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSING

As a further condition of participation in the Competition, you agree to
execute the CLA. The CLA is expressly incorporated herein and made a
part hereof. You specifically represent and warrant by entering the
Competition and executing the CLA that you have the unrestricted right
to grant the license contemplated thereby.

### CHEATING

DrivenData reserves the right to request information associated with our
investigation of suspected cheating of any form. Failure to respond to
these requests (including failure to furnish the requested information)
within ten (10) days is grounds for disqualification.

Cheating of any kind, including incorporation of others’ work product or
intellectual property into Contributions without proper attribution,
participating using more than one Account, or otherwise, will result in
disqualification from the Competition and any other affected
Competitions and may result in banning or deactivation of affected
Accounts.

### PERMISSIONS

Except where prohibited by law, entry constitutes permission to use your
name, hometown and likeness for online posting, and/or any advertising
and publicity associated with the Competition without additional
compensation. If you are awarded a Prize, you may also be required to
sign and return a release of liability, declaration of eligibility and,
where lawful, a publicity consent agreement, as conditions of receiving
that prize. Failure to comply with the aforementioned conditions shall
be grounds for forfeiture of a Prize. If you are awarded an in-kind
prize from a Competition sponsor, you give permission for the Company to
share your contact information with the sponsor in order to receive the
prize.

### Data use and code sharing

-   **DATA**

    "Data" means the data or datasets linked from the Competition
    Website for use by you in the Competition. For the avoidance of
    doubt, Data is deemed for the purpose of these Competition Rules to
    include any prototype or executable code provided to you by
    DrivenData via the Competition Website. You must use the Data only
    as permitted by these Competition Rules and any associated data use
    rules specified on the Competition Website.

    Unless otherwise permitted by the terms of the Competition Website,
    you must use the Data solely for the purpose and duration of the
    Competition, including but not limited to reading and learning from
    the Data, analyzing the Data, modifying the Data and generally
    preparing your Contributions and any underlying models and
    participating in forum discussions on the Competition Website. You
    agree to use suitable measures to prevent persons who have not
    formally agreed to these Competition Rules from gaining access to
    the Data and agree not to transmit, duplicate, publish, redistribute
    or otherwise provide or make available the Data to any party not
    participating in the Competition. You agree to notify DrivenData
    immediately upon learning of any possible unauthorized transmission
    or unauthorized access of the Data and agree to work with DrivenData
    to rectify any unauthorized transmission. You agree that
    participation in the Competition shall not be construed as having or
    being granted a license (expressly, by implication, estoppel,
    or otherwise) under, or any right of ownership in, any of the Data.

-   **EXTERNAL DATA**

    Unless otherwise expressly stated on the Competition Website, you
    must not use data other than the Data to develop and test your
    models and Contributions, unless data used is made available to the
    public under an open source license compatible with the open source
    license selected for this project and freely available to all
    contributors without the need to execute any data usage agreements
    or other authorizations. DrivenData and the Competition Sponsor
    reserve the right in their sole discretion to disqualify you if it
    is discovered that you have undertaken or attempted to undertake the
    use of the Data or external data other than as permitted according
    to the Competition Website and in these Competition Rules, in the
    course of the Competition.

-   **OPEN-SOURCE CODE**

    A Submission will be ineligible to win a prize if it was developed
    using code containing or depending on software licensed under an
    open source license:

    -   other than an Open Source Initiative-approved license (see
        <http://opensource.org/>);

    -   an open source license incompatible, in the discretion of
        DrivenData, with the Project license or the Contributor License
        Agreement; or

    -   an open source license that prohibits commercial use.

### Participant warranties and obligations

By registering, you agree that (a) your Account is complete, correct and
accurate and (b) your registration may be rejected or terminated and all
Contributions submitted by you may be disqualified if any of the
information in your Account is (or Competition Sponsor or DrivenData has
reasonable grounds to believe it is) incomplete, incorrect or
inaccurate. You are solely responsible for your Account. All
registration information is deemed collected in the United States.

Participation is subject to all federal, state and local laws and
regulations. Void where prohibited or restricted by law. You are
responsible for checking applicable laws and regulations in your
jurisdiction before participating in the Competition to make sure that
your participation is legal. You are responsible for all taxes and
reporting related to any award that you may receive as part of the
Competition. You are responsible for abiding by your employer's policies
regarding participation in the Competition. DrivenData and Competition
Sponsor disclaim any and all liability or responsibility for disputes
arising between you and your employer related to this Competition.

Each Participant is solely responsible for all equipment, including but
not necessarily limited to a computer and internet connection necessary
to access the Competition Website and to develop and upload any
Contributions, and any telephone, data, hosting or other service fees
associated with such access, as well as all costs incurred by or behalf
of the Entrant in participating in the Competition.

By entering a Contributions, you represent and warrant that all
information you enter on the Competition Website is true and complete to
the best of your knowledge, that you have the right and authority to
make the Contributions (including any underlying code and model) on your
own behalf or on behalf of the persons and entities that you specify
within the Contributions, and that your Contributions:

-   complies with all applicable federal, state, local and international
    laws and regulations;

-   is your own original work, or is used by permission, in which case
    full and proper credit and identify is given and the third party
    contributions are clearly identified within your Contributions;

-   does not contain confidential information or trade secrets and is
    not the subject of a registered patent or pending patent
    application;

-   does not violate or infringe upon the patent rights, industrial
    design rights, copyrights, trademarks, rights of privacy, publicity
    or other intellectual property or other rights of any person or
    entity;

-   does not contain malicious code, such as viruses, timebombs,
    cancelbots, worms, Trojan horses or other potentially harmful
    programs or other material or information;

-   does not and will not violate any applicable law, statute,
    ordinance, rule or regulation;

-   does not trigger any reporting or royalty obligation to any third
    party; and

-   was not previously published and has not won any other prize/award.

**A breach of any of these warranties will result in the corresponding
Contributions being invalid.**

### Confidentiality

The following sections define

-   **Confidential Information Defined**. As used in this Section,
    "Confidential Information" means the Data, and any information
    provided by DrivenData hereunder, whether of a technical, business,
    or other nature (including, without limitation, information relating
    to a party’s technology, software, products, services, designs,
    methodologies, business plans, finances, marketing plans, Sponsors,
    prospects, or other affairs), that you receive.

-   **Exclusions**. Your obligations under this Section as to the
    disclosing party’s Confidential Information does not include any
    information that you can document: (a) was known to you prior to
    receiving the same from the disclosing party in connection with this
    Competition; (b) is independently developed by you without use of or
    reference to the Confidential Information of the disclosing
    party; (c) is acquired by you from another source without
    restriction as to use or disclosure; or (d) is or becomes part of
    the public domain through no fault or action of yours.

-   **Nondisclosure**. In consideration of the terms and conditions of
    this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
    receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged, during and after
    the Competition Period you will: (a) use the disclosing party’s
    Confidential Information solely for the purpose for which it is
    provided; (b) not disclose the disclosing party’s Confidential
    Information to a third party; and (c) maintain the secrecy of, and
    protect from unauthorized use and disclosure, the disclosing party’s
    Confidential Information to the same extent (but using no less than
    a reasonable degree of care) that you protect your own Confidential
    Information of a similar nature. If you are required by law or by
    any governmental or semi-governmental agency or court to disclose
    the disclosing party’s Confidential Information you must give prompt
    written notice of such requirement to the disclosing party before
    such disclosure and assist the disclosing party in attempting to
    obtain an order protecting the Confidential Information from
    public disclosure.

-   **Return of Information**. Upon request, you will destroy or deliver
    to the disclosing party all Confidential Information Participant may
    have in its possession or control.

-   **Injunctive Relief**. Participant acknowledges that any violation
    or threatened violation of this Section may cause irreparable injury
    to the other party, entitling the disclosing party to obtain
    injunctive relief in addition to all legal remedies.

### Delivery and receipt of Contributions

DrivenData is not responsible for (a) late, lost, stolen, damaged,
garbled, incomplete, incorrect or misdirected Contributions or other
communications, (b) errors, omissions, interruptions, deletions,
defects, or delays in operations or transmission of information, in each
case whether arising by way of technical or other failures or
malfunctions of computer hardware, software, communications devices, or
transmission lines, or (c) data corruption, theft, destruction,
unauthorized access to or alteration of Contribution materials, loss or
otherwise. DrivenData is not responsible for electronic communications
or emails which are undeliverable as a result of any form of active or
passive filtering of any kind, or insufficient space in any email
account to receive email messages. DrivenData disclaims any liability
for damage to any computer system resulting from participation in, or
accessing or downloading information in connection with, the
Competition.

### Reservation of rights

DrivenData, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to disqualify any
person tampering with the entry process, the operation of the
Competition Website, the competition process, or who is otherwise in
violation of the rules. DrivenData reserves the right at any time to
disqualify a Contribution from the Competition where, acting in good
faith, it believes there are reasonable grounds to warrant
disqualification. DrivenData reserves the right to cancel, terminate or
modify the competition if it is not capable of completion as planned for
any reason, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering,
unauthorized intervention or technical failures of any sort.

### General release

By entering the Competition, you release and discharge the Competition
Sponsor and DrivenData from any liability whatsoever in connection with
the Competition or with the acceptance, possession, use or misuse of any
Prize including, without limitation, legal claims, costs, injuries,
losses or damages, demands or actions of any kind (including, without
limitation: personal injuries; death; damage to, loss or destruction of
property; rights of publicity or privacy; and defamation or portrayal in
a false light). The Competition Sponsor and DrivenData will not be
responsible for typographical, printing or other inadvertent errors in
these Competition Rules or in other materials relating to the
Competition. Additionally, you hereby agree to indemnify the Competition
Sponsor and DrivenData from any and all losses, damages, costs,
expenses, rights, claims, demands and actions (including attorney's fees
and expenses for litigation and settlement), which may be brought
against any one or more of them by anyone claiming to have suffered loss
or damage as a result of your participation in the Competition or for
any breach of any representation or warranty herein.

### Limitations of liability

By participating in the Competition, you agree that: (1) any and all
disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or in connection
with the Competition, or any prize awarded, shall be resolved
individually without resort to any form of class action; (2) any claims,
judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs
incurred, including costs associated with entering the Competition, but
in no event attorney's fees; and (3) under no circumstances will you be
permitted to obtain any award for, and you hereby waive all rights to
claim, punitive, incidental or consequential damages and any and all
rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased and any other
damages, other than damages for actual out-of-pocket expenses.

All federal, state, and local laws apply. DrivenData, Inc., the
Competition Sponsor, and the employees, officers, directors,
shareholders, agents, representatives, affiliates, subsidiaries, and
advertising, promotional and legal advisors thereof are not responsible
and shall not be liable for: (i) late, lost, delayed, damaged,
misdirected, incomplete, illegible, or unintelligible Contributions;
(ii) telephone, electronic, hardware, or software program, network,
Internet, or computer malfunctions, failures, or difficulties; (iii)
errors in transmission; (iv) any condition caused by events beyond the
control of DrivenData, Inc. or the Competition Sponsor that may cause
the contest to be disrupted or corrupted; (v) any injuries, losses, or
damages of any kind caused by a prize or resulting from acceptance,
possession, or use of a prize, or from participation in the contest; or
(vi) any printing or typographical errors in any materials associated
with the contest.

### Disclaimer of Warranties

You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files
available for downloading from the internet or the Competition Website
will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible
for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your
particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data
input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our site for
any reconstruction of any lost data. DRIVENDATA AND SPONSORS WILL NOT BE
LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE
ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY
INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER
PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE COMPETITION WEBSITE OR ANY
SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE COMPETITION WEBSITE OR TO YOUR
DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO
IT.

YOUR USE OF THE COMPETITION WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR
ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE COMPETITION WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE
COMPETITION WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED
THROUGH THE COMPETITION WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS
AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED. NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY
NOR SPONSORS MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE
COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY
OF THE COMPETITION WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER THE
COMPANY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY NOR SPONSORS REPRESENTS
OR WARRANTS THAT THE COMPETITION WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OR
ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE COMPETITION WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE,
RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED,
THAT OUR SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES
OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE COMPETITION WEBSITE OR ANY
SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE COMPETITION WEBSITE WILL
OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.

THE COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR
LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

### Governing Law and Jurisdiction

DrivenData shall be the sole interpreter of these Competition Rules.

All matters relating to the Competition Rules or the Competition and any
dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case,
including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law
provision or rule.

Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, the
Competition or the Competition Website shall be instituted exclusively
in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts although we retain the right to bring any
suit, action or proceeding against you for breach of these Competition
Rules in your country of residence or any other relevant country. You
waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by
such courts and to venue in such courts.

The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Competition
Rules shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other
provision. In the event that any provision is determined to be invalid
or otherwise unenforceable or illegal, these Competition Rules shall
otherwise remain in effect and be construed in accordance with their
terms as if the invalid or illegal provision was not contained herein.
